<!--
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
 or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
 distributed with this work for additional information
 regarding copyright ownership. The ASF licenses this file
 to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
 "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
 with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.

-->

River Container Core
====================

Introduction
------------

This is the core code that implements the Apache River Container.  The purpose
of the Apache River Container is to host Jini services and clients using
the libraries provided by Apache River.

Jini services and clients have some special requirements.  

First, they need to
have particular control over the codebase.  For exported objects, the download
code needs to be made available through a web server (there is talk that in the
future, the clients might be able to load code directly from a repository server
like Maven does.  There's no reason this can't be added to the River Container),
and the location of that web server needs to be included in the codebase 
annotation generated by the RMIClassLoader.  Also the codebase generally doesn't
call out the same jar file that contains the implementation code.  Rather, it
calls out a special "download jar" that only contains the classes that should be 
present on the client.  Further, the API should be downloadable.

Second, Jini clients and services make heavy use of remote code, so they need 
to be run in a VM with security enabled.

So, the River Container has provisions for this.  Also, it has the flexibility
to allow deployments to take various forms.

The following documents describe parts of the River Container architecture:

- [Bootstrap](Bootstrap.html) How the container starts up and loads all its modules.
- [Management](Management.html) Use of the JMX management facilities.
- [Security](Security.html) Details on the security environment and security 
manager.
- [Service Starter Services](ServiceStarterServices.html) Support for existing 
services (like Reggie) that were designed to be run using the ServiceStarter
classes.
- [State Machine](StateMachine.html) Information on the annotation-based state
machine implementation used in various places in the container.
- [Surrogate Deployment](SurrogateDeployment.html) Deployer used to host 
Jini Surrogates.  
- [Work Manager Considerations](WorkManager.html) Design thoughts on work/thread
management in the
container.
- [To Do](Todo.html) To-do list for the development.

